Add documentation for TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlets (#10657)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/get-csteamsmeetingbrandingpolicy
schema: 2.0.0
title: Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy
author: szymonkatraMSFT
ms.author: szymonkatra
ms.reviewer:
manager: stanlythomas
---

# Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
The CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control the appearance in meetings by defining custom background, logo and colors.

## SYNTAX

### Identity (Default)
```
Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy [[-Identity] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Filter
```
Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy [-Filter <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlet enables you to return information about all the meeting branding policies that have been configured for use in your organization

Author: Done.

## EXAMPLES

> ### Return all branding policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Returns all branding policies
```

```powershell
PS C:\> Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy
```

> In the example shown above, the command will return a collection of all the teams meeting branding policies configured for use in your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the command will return a collection of all the teams meeting branding policies configured for use in your organization.
```

### Return specified policy
```powershell
PS C:\> CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy -Identity "policy test2"
```

> In the example shown above, the command will return the meeting branding policy that has an Identity `policy test 2``. Because identities are unique, this command will never return more than one item.

Author: Done

> In the example shown above, the command will return the meeting branding policy that has an Identity `policy test 2`. Because identities are unique, this command will never return more than one item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the command returns the meeting branding policy that has an Identity `policy test 2`. Because identities are unique, this command will never return more than one item.
```
